Add FAQ for sharing files between workspace and tests (#11710)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/faq.md

# while trimming the values in Params that are above the Excel limit
df.to_excel("PREFIX_all_submissions.xlsx", index=False)
```

## I have files that should be included both in the workspace and in the tests. How do I store these files to avoid duplication?

> In these cases, you can store your files in the `tests` directory for the question, and reference them from the workspace by adding them to the `_workspace_files` list. For example, if files `xyz.c` and `xyz.h` should be included in both the workspace home folder and in `/grade/tests` in the autograder, save these files to `[QUESTION DIRECTORY]/tests`, then include, in server.py:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these cases, you can store your files in the `tests` directory for the question and reference them from the workspace by adding them to the `_workspace_files` list. For example, suppose we want to include `xyz.c` and `xyz.h` in both the workspace home folder, and in `/grade/tests` in the autograder. To do this, save these files to `[QUESTION DIRECTORY]/tests`, and in `server.py`, include the following lines:
```
